Optimize Building Energy Management with IoT Technology :

https://servicechannel.com/blog/optimize-building-energy-management-iot/

This article is How to optimize building energy management with IoT technology and several ways of monitoring.
What is IoT Technology and how are they used for building management ?
it describes the network of physical objects that are embedded with sensors, software, and other technologies for the purpose of connecting and 
exchanging data with other devices and systems over the internet. Building management is a daunting task and it will take a lot of time to analyse it.
Using IoT technology is also making it easier to track the state of buildings and critical infrastructure by using sensors and remote management
dashboards to optimize energy use, utility costs, and facility occupancy. Such optimization can reduce human error, saving even more costs 
through improved tracking and energy consumption.

There are several ways of monitoring such as :
Service Automation - Cloud help facility
Real-Time Monitoring - Foot traffic, Lighting and Heating
Air Quality - Environmental - Co2 and Oxygen levels
Track space occupancy - By tracking space utilization in tracking doors, entrances, offices and others areas
Automated Control for utilities - Control panels (Air conditioning, Heating and Building lights)
Issue Detection Time and Preventive Maintenance - key benefit of IoT connected devices for early error detection

How its related to Machine Learning : 
1)IoT will work better with machine learning. 
The Internet of Things will only get better. The system, through machine learning, will be able to identify and rectify problems with systems 
even before the users will. 
2)Machine learning technology allows businesses to respond faster to emails from clients, detect clouds in a satellite image,
and find ‘habitable’ planets in deep space. IoT is a system of interconnected devices in a wireless manner that are usually accessible via the internet

To conclude : By prioritizing  optimized energy consumption through IoT technology, 
facility managers can cut utility costs, decrease excess energy usage, and reduce human error
In fact by 2024 IoT technology will be installed one billion in US offices and The global IoT market is expected to register a CAGR of 10.53% during the 
forecast period (2022-2027).
